Project word document--- a write-up word to answer all questions.

1st2ndpart. Py---python code that generates the response for 1st and 2nd part. 

Generate files for the test.py---The python code to generate the necessary files for the hypothesis test
Hypothesis test part.py---The python code to do the threee hypothesis test

Foxnews.csv---raw dataset of one year Fox news.

CNNnews.csv---raw dataset of one year CNN news

Gold.csv--- raw dataset of the gold. 

GSPC.csv---- raw dataset of the S&P 500.

IXIC. csv---- raw dataset of the Nasdaq.

Gold_cleaned.csv--- cleaned dataset of the gold. 

GSPC_cleaned.csv---- cleaned dataset of the S&P 500.

IXIC_cleaned. csv---- cleaned dataset of the Nasdaq.

Foxnews_cleaned.csv---cleaned dataset of one year Fox news.

CNNnews_cleaned.csv---cleaned dataset of one year CNN news.

Clean-combined.csv---a dataset generated by 1st2ndpart python code, which describes sentiment score and increased rate.

Results.csv---results of the association rule.

nas-cluster.csv: a csv generated by 1st2ndpart.py which contains the result of 3 clustering method for nasdaq

sp5-cluster.csv: a csv generated by 1st2ndpart.py which contains the result of 3 clustering method for sp500

goldfinal.csv---The file that updated gold with increase rate information

gspcfinal.csv---The file that updated gold with increase rate information

ixicfinal.csv---The file that updated gold with increase rate information

NewsCombined.csv---The file combine two news' information into one csv file for further test preparation.

Anovafile.csv---The file for one way anova test for the first hypothesis.

CNN_test2.csv---The CNN news file for the second hypothesis test.

FoxNews_test2.csv---The FoxNews file for the second hypotheis test.

News_vs_Gold.csv---The file contains information about news and gold for third hypothesis test.

News_vs_Gspc.csv---The file contains information about news and S&P500 for third hypothesis test.

News_vs_Ixic.csv---The file contains information about news and Nasdaq for third hypothesis test.
